What other activities does Brother Ming have recently?
Can earn another 1 million
Xiaoqing, Liyang
Guess where I am now?
I'm in Jiangcheng Furniture Mall now.
Our new home is empty
I want to fill it up
This way it feels more like home
This is our home
I'll dance with you now
Xiaoqing
Xiaoqing, I ask you, don’t be anxious
This is very close to Xiaoyu City
I know a small road that will take you there in 5 minutes, okay?
Hey brother
I remember the parking spot in the video is right there.
Xiaoqiang, if you want to save me, let me go
don't want
ah
Big brother, big brother, big brother, brake
Brother, brother, are you okay?
It's all my fault
Xiaojin, it's okay, it's okay
i got you
He will be interrogated later
I'll definitely be able to find out what they always say.
Where did you put the little gold?
Don't say it, right?
Okay, don’t you like bullying girls?
Give me his lower body
Let him never be a man in this life
I walk around the world with loyalty
You can't pry a word out of my mouth
What else does Brother Ming have to do recently?
To earn another 1 million
Xiaoqing, Liyang
Guess where I am now?
I am now in Jiangcheng Furniture City
Our new home is empty
I am going to fill it up.
It feels more like home
This is our home.
I will dance with you now.
XiaoQing
Xiaoqing, I ask you, do not worry.
This is very close to Xiaoyu City
I know a back road. It'll be there in five minutes
Hey big brother
I remember the parking spot in the video was there
Xiaoqiang, you have to save me, let me go
No.
Ah!
Big brother big brother brake
Brother, are you alright?
It is all my fault
Xiaojin, it is alright, it is alright
I got you!
I will try him later.
You can definitely ask what they always say
Where did you put Xiaojin?
Do not say it, right?
Okay, do not you like to bully girls?
Destroy him for me
Let him never be a man for the rest of his life
Lao Tzu walks the rivers and lakes to talk about loyalty
You can never pry a word out of my mouth